there's a lot of Buzz about these cmf
buds Pro two from nothing's budget brand
cmf because they're so dang cheap so
we're going to find out if there's any
reason to pay more I mean 3 through 50
for the kind of Flagship buds from the
major brands could these be that much
worse first thing you notice a fun color
it comes in multiple colors I probably
wouldn't choose the blue but it's nice
to have these options and there they are
inside too more comments on those after
we look at what else it comes with cable
USB a to type c interesting choice not C
to c i you know that's probably
philosophical on the one hand you're
like come on get on the bus it's a USBC
future USBC everything but on the other
hand there's lots of a ports around
still so it's probably just going to
depend on you and what you have laying
around does your laptop have an a port
this is really short and there's no
adapter but you know what it's a budget
product so okay we do got ear tips and
there's some instructions in there too
how many sizes of ear tips do we get
they are silicone which I would expect
and you get the size that's on the bud
which looks like Medium as well as a
smaller and a larger and they match the
color that you bought the buds
themselves glossy hard plastic injection
molded stem design they're only glossy
on this part the stem is actually matte
there's some symbols on here I don't
know what they mean these pop off yep
normal kind of standard there's three
microphones on each one we will do a mic
test later
there's a little dot up here that could
potentially be a mic there's one over
here where that looks a little bigger it
might be a vent for the drivers but for
sure these two dots at the end of the
stems are going to be two out of your
three mics there's two drivers actually
there's a bigger one and a small one
it's 11 mm driver and then a 6 mm driver
and we're going to see how they sound
later on kind of cool how they fit in
there kind of just flip on top like that
magnetic kind of looks like it's
agnostic but it ain't not only does it
not close properly if you screw it up
but you can see that the Pogo pins won't
align because they're on the inside of
the stem and right there and when you
put the wrong stem on there they are
just not aligned they're rotated off by
like 50° or something is there an
indicator on the stem of which one's the
right side usually nothing does like a
big red dot but on
here they look identical it's a square
design USBC charging has a indicator
light on it for pairing and stuff what's
unique about the case is that it
actually has this control on it this
dial satisfyingly
tactile it spins infinitely in either
direction why do I need this there's
always some false negatives when you're
trying to deal with the buttons on an
earphone you click it it doesn't work I
have to click it again and then it turns
out to be a double click next song sucks
so maybe this is a godsend let's get
these in my ear holes pretty good seal
I'm getting a decent amount of passive
isolation my voice sounds different to
me things seem a little quieter out here
this is what they look
like oh I think that wasn't passive
isolation I think that was active noise
cancelling I pulled it out and
everything
changed James's famous Shake test they I
mean they're really in there IP rating
though I would say the standard IP
rating for truly wireless earbuds is
usually IP X4 which means that the X
means they did not test it or get a
rating for ingress protection of dust
and debris uh and then the four would be
splashes and stuff these are 55 which is
pretty good I'd like to see 65 cuz
there's lots of devices that have the
six the highest rating for dust but it's
nice that they have a rating at all and
then for the five water protection
normally with a four you're just saying
hey that's that's going to be good for
like sweat at the gym and I guess you
could wear them in the rain like you
would hope but the five gets you like
sprays from any angle sprays of water
for 3 minutes so I mean you could
probably get away with wearing these in
the shower unless you like freaking
really were shooting at them for your
whole shower your shower I kind of
wanted to wear them in the shower the
other day man I was I was like I don't
have a lot of time and I love listening
to a podcast or something with that
found time you know when you're washing
dishes and stuff like that might be nice
something I really care about with my
earphones is the interface and messing
with that stuff is typically when I like
to listen to them for the first time so
we'll do all that right after this
message from our sponsor thanks to
Corsair for sponsoring this video the
allnew K65 Plus Wireless is a 7 5%
keyboard designed to free up desk space
allowing for more Mouse movement it
features prebe Corsair mlx red linear
switches for a silky smooth responsive
key press cor are also included two
layers of sound happening to reduce
unwanted Clacks and pings and with the
K65 Plus Wireless you'll get up to 266
hours on a single charge with that kind
of battery life you could speedrun
portal
2,660 times before the keyboard dies
learn more about the K65 Plus Wireless
using the link in the description
all right nothing X start I've actually
never really seen this before it had
issues pairing automatically and then it
has this kind of troubleshooting flow
now where I can choose which earphone
I'm having trouble pairing and it's this
one and now wow I don't need this it
gives me the instructions right here
open the case without removing the buds
which I did locate the button inside the
case and hold it for two seconds that
little can you even see how discreet
this little button is yes I see it how
does it know they're blue is that a
happy
accident super slick interface all right
we're connected and I got my battery
level for each earbud right there got a
cool visualization smart dial I'm
interested in this feature set up smart
dial for more features let's try it oh
this is the Smart
dial when I read smart dial I thought it
was a way to dial people's numbers
smartly so you can actually get a press
a double press a triple press a press
and hold and the rotate and looks like
by default there's just no action and
it's nice that that's an option because
it's kind of sensitive this could go off
in your pocket and that would suck let's
see what options you have for each one
of these starting with the rotate which
I think is the most interesting okay
it's volume or nothing what about seek
imagine if this is like your
iPod what the hell why can't I do
anything okay well I can't edit any
these I don't know why maybe it needs to
be playing music first okay I got these
in now let's try this again oh cool I
can just select the earbud controls or
the smart doll controls earbud
controls I can choose right or left I
can make them different wow this is like
so so many options I like that you can
really customize this transparency
control you can choose whether or not it
rotates through off which is dope double
tap and hold is the only one that
exposes volume I will make it up on the
right and down on the left okay I could
change those can I change this
now I can what was the difference I put
them in my ear maybe it was bugging out
before maybe you need to have them in
your ear I don't know you can make it
turn on low lag mode on and off which is
cool oh look at that you can actually
have chat GPT as your voice assistant
which is pretty cool I believe that is
only supported on specific nothing
phones and it looks like you have to
have it installed too I wish wish that
was a link that I can just go and
install it uh I want to try that so I'm
going to get that now okay that appears
to be set up now I think maybe I'll
close the
app launch it
again I did see this pop up before but
it got dismissed but it's here again
which is good enabling seamless
interaction with chat GPT as a custom
voice AI while on the Move let's try it
chat GPT is there now finally let's
listen to these
things whoa these are base heavy holy
cow all Al they seem to be like blasting
right now let's try turn it down okay
this is kind of
annoying there is a volume sound like
boop boop boop with each step but
there's a lag in the volume sound so if
I go like it only makes one Boop sound
even though I went like 10 steps and
that Boop sound is like pretty delayed
so it's kind of
bizarre holy cow is this the is this the
default curve this is not space I some
people are really going to like this but
this is like definitely overcooked
compared to what the artist intended I
should note now that these have direct
optio on them and dur obviously comes
from the home theater space you can get
an AVR that has dra room correction on
it and they are respected brand in that
space they know what they're doing this
product is to help optimize sound using
high resolution filters in headphones
and in your car in other products they
allow a brand to Simply use dra's own
Target curve curve or the brand own
Target curve and in this case I'm pretty
sure they're using the Brand's Target
curve because this is far from accurate
that's not to say you don't like it you
know different strokes but it ain't flat
man how loud does this go way loud I
don't even want to go all the way yeah
this is going to hurt me that's for sure
let's see how the volume works on
here okay it worked but it was pretty
slow I didn't think it was going to work
at first so I'm double tap and hold
this is just straight up not working
that's why they have the dial cuz the
interface sucks on the buds yeah this
interface sucks it appears that the top
of the stem is is really where the read
is yeah right here this from here up
you're you're better off let's check out
some EQ options in the app
equalizer whoa they got the dra one
right
there and then here's custom they do
give you the plus 6 DB
I mean honestly with the base turned all
the way down it's still
normal when you crank it it is
thumpy I wish it showed those dials when
you're on these other ones so you could
get a sense of where they are but I
expect that especially the optio one is
probably tuned with a lot more
granularity than those dots that we get
exposed to in custom oh they do give you
a little Cloud for the other ones
interestingly you can switch between
these so quickly but when you go to opio
it takes longer and actually interrupts
the music for a second I love this song
it's got a really good flam I love a
good flam you know what that is it's
when you take both drumsticks you make
them a little offset and then you hit
the drum with it so they
go yeah this much bass is just not right
for metal but they really dancable they
sound great putting you in rock mode
really made it crunchier oh I don't like
this Rocky Q check out the delay on this
uh button here
the music is starting even later than
you can see the visualization go it's
like music's playing
now stop let's talk battery life claims
they got 60 Milah hours on the buds and
460 Mah hours in the case that'll net
you 43 hours of play back with no a ANC
on with including you know charging it
through the case which is 11 hours on
the buds themselves however I almost
always use a andc and that will net me 6
and 1/2 hours on the buz
and 26 uh all told 10 minutes of
charging gets you 3 hours no ANC or 1.8
hours do that conversion to minutes
yourself with ANC I'm not in a great
environment to assess the quality of the
ANC what I can say is it sounds normal
you know it's kind of table Stakes on a
lot of earbuds now I mean these These
are 60 bucks and they have them and they
have this chat GPT thing which is
interesting to me and I want to try just
very briefly it seems like it just
launches the app I'm not hearing
anything in my ears at all it's just
telling me there that I can't have chat
GPT on when I hold down this but a
different assistant when I hold down
that it's one assistant for all let's
see what
happens yeah apparently the assistant
button just launches the whatever
assistant on your phone and does nothing
in the buds uh not sure what's up with
that okay I did hear it say here's what
I found on the web in the buds but it
never went like what's up or like boink
or anything like that hello how are
you I'm great thanks for asking I can
hear it but like there's there's no way
to know that it's even listening that is
unfortunate I don't expect that to be
normal I'm assuming there's something
wrong right now with our setup or our
firmware or it's a bug de fix it's not
working right now um overall take on
these things 60 bucks or 90 Canadian
these are really great value the build
quality is cool the sound quality is not
bad at all it's definitely good enough
for vast majority of people um the case
has some cool features it just doesn't
seem like you're compromising very much
for this low price and I think that
others are going to struggle to compete
with these definitely worth at least
investigating if you're shopping for
earbuds especially I mean even if you're
trying to pay more maybe you should just
take a look at these save your money
thanks for watching guys if you like
this video why not check out our other
unboxings of other products from nothing
they've got the nothing buds and the
buds a which are the cheaper ones but
not as cheap as these